schema.org/1-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/1-microdata.html: ok
schema.org/1-rdfa.html: ok
schema.org/10-jsonld.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:offers": [
      "Subject _:b2(schema:AggregateOffer,schema:Thing,schema:Intangible,schema:Offer,schema:AggregateOffer) not compatible with domainIncludes (schema:CreativeWork,schema:MediaObject,schema:Event,schema:Product)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/10-microdata.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:offers": [
      "Subject _:g2199592500(schema:AggregateOffer,schema:Thing,schema:Intangible,schema:Offer,schema:AggregateOffer) not compatible with domainIncludes (schema:CreativeWork,schema:MediaObject,schema:Event,schema:Product)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/10-rdfa.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:offers": [
      "Subject _:g2160024900(schema:AggregateOffer,schema:Thing,schema:Intangible,schema:Offer,schema:AggregateOffer) not compatible with domainIncludes (schema:CreativeWork,schema:MediaObject,schema:Event,schema:Product)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/100-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/101-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/102-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/103-jsonld.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:answer": [
      "No property definition found"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/104-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/105-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/106-jsonld.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:location": [
      "Object _:b3(schema:Product,schema:Thing,schema:Product) not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Place,schema:PostalAddress)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/107-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/108-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/109-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/11-jsonld.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:bookFormat": [
      "Subject _:b0(schema:WebPage,schema:Thing,schema:CreativeWork,schema:WebPage) not compatible with domainIncludes (schema:Book)"
    ],
    "schema:isbn": [
      "Subject _:b0(schema:WebPage,schema:Thing,schema:CreativeWork,schema:WebPage) not compatible with domainIncludes (schema:Book)"
    ],
    "schema:numberOfPages": [
      "Subject _:b0(schema:WebPage,schema:Thing,schema:CreativeWork,schema:WebPage) not compatible with domainIncludes (schema:Book)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/11-microdata.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:breadcrumb": [
      "Object _:g2158827320(rdfs:Resource,rdf:List) not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Text)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/11-rdfa.html: ok
schema.org/110-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/111-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/112-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/113-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/114-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/115-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/116-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/117-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/118-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/119-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/12-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/12-microdata.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:recipeInstructions": [
      "Object _:g2206545140(rdfs:Resource,rdf:List) not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Text)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/12-rdfa.html: ok
schema.org/120-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/121-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/122-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/123-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/124-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/125-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/126-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/127-jsonld.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:recipient": [
      "Subject _:b0(schema:AssignAction,schema:Thing,schema:Action,schema:OrganizeAction,schema:AllocateAction,schema:AssignAction) not compatible with domainIncludes (schema:CommunicateAction,schema:AuthorizeAction,schema:DonateAction,schema:GiveAction,schema:PayAction,schema:ReturnAction,schema:SendAction,schema:TipAction)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/128-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/129-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/13-jsonld.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:video": [
      "Subject _:b0(schema:MusicGroup,schema:Thing,schema:Organization,schema:PerformingGroup,schema:MusicGroup) not compatible with domainIncludes (schema:CreativeWork)"
    ],
    "schema:playCount": [
      "No property definition found"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/13-microdata.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:video": [
      "Subject _:g2207988440(schema:MusicGroup,schema:Thing,schema:Organization,schema:PerformingGroup,schema:MusicGroup) not compatible with domainIncludes (schema:CreativeWork)"
    ],
    "schema:track": [
      "Object _:g2207513160(rdfs:Resource,rdf:List) not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:MusicRecording)"
    ],
    "schema:event": [
      "Object _:g2207495560(rdfs:Resource,rdf:List) not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Event)"
    ],
    "schema:url": [
      "Object \"foo-fighters-rope.html\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:URL)",
      "Object \"foo-fighters-everlong.html\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:URL)"
    ],
    "schema:playCount": [
      "No property definition found"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/13-rdfa.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:video": [
      "Subject _:g2200412080(schema:MusicGroup,schema:Thing,schema:Organization,schema:PerformingGroup,schema:MusicGroup) not compatible with domainIncludes (schema:CreativeWork)"
    ],
    "schema:url": [
      "Object \"foo-fighters-rope.html\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:URL)",
      "Object \"foo-fighters-everlong.html\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:URL)"
    ],
    "schema:playCount": [
      "No property definition found"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/130-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/131-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/132-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/133-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/134-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/135-jsonld.html: {
  "class": {
    "schema:EnrollAction": [
      "No class definition found"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/136-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/137-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/138-jsonld.html: {
  "class": {
    "schema:SelectAction": [
      "No class definition found"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/139-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/14-jsonld.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:mainContentOfPage": [
      "Subject _:b0(schema:ItemList,schema:Thing,schema:CreativeWork,schema:ItemList) not compatible with domainIncludes (schema:WebPage)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/14-microdata.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:mainContentOfPage": [
      "Subject _:g2181656540(schema:ItemList,schema:Thing,schema:CreativeWork,schema:ItemList) not compatible with domainIncludes (schema:WebPage)"
    ],
    "schema:itemListElement": [
      "Object _:g2181380360(rdfs:Resource,rdf:List) not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Text)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/14-rdfa.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:mainContentOfPage": [
      "Subject _:g2201260320(schema:ItemList,schema:Thing,schema:CreativeWork,schema:ItemList) not compatible with domainIncludes (schema:WebPage)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/140-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/141-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/142-jsonld.html: {
  "class": {
    "schema:PeformAction": [
      "No class definition found"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/143-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/144-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/145-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/146-jsonld.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:location": [
      "Object _:b2(schema:Product,schema:Thing,schema:Product) not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Place,schema:PostalAddress)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/147-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/148-jsonld.html: {
  "class": {
    "schema:OrderedAction": [
      "No class definition found"
    ]
  },
  "property": {
    "schema:location": [
      "Object _:b2(schema:Product,schema:Thing,schema:Product) not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Place,schema:PostalAddress)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/149-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/15-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/15-microdata.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:actor": [
      "Object _:g2198998480(rdfs:Resource,rdf:List) not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Person)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/15-rdfa.html: ok
schema.org/150-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/151-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/152-jsonld.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:location": [
      "Object _:b2(schema:Product,schema:Thing,schema:Product) not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Place,schema:PostalAddress)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/153-jsonld.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:recipient": [
      "Subject _:b0(schema:RentAction,schema:Thing,schema:Action,schema:TradeAction,schema:RentAction) not compatible with domainIncludes (schema:CommunicateAction,schema:AuthorizeAction,schema:DonateAction,schema:GiveAction,schema:PayAction,schema:ReturnAction,schema:SendAction,schema:TipAction)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/154-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/155-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/156-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/157-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/158-jsonld.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:price": [
      "Subject _:b0(schema:LendAction,schema:Thing,schema:Action,schema:TransferAction,schema:LendAction) not compatible with domainIncludes (schema:Offer,schema:PriceSpecification,schema:TradeAction)"
    ],
    "schema:recipient": [
      "Subject _:b0(schema:LendAction,schema:Thing,schema:Action,schema:TransferAction,schema:LendAction) not compatible with domainIncludes (schema:CommunicateAction,schema:AuthorizeAction,schema:DonateAction,schema:GiveAction,schema:PayAction,schema:ReturnAction,schema:SendAction,schema:TipAction)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/159-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/16-jsonld.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:mainContentOfPage": [
      "Subject _:b0(schema:Table,schema:Thing,schema:CreativeWork,schema:WebPageElement,schema:Table) not compatible with domainIncludes (schema:WebPage)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/16-microdata.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:mainContentOfPage": [
      "Subject _:g2167204480(schema:Table,schema:Thing,schema:CreativeWork,schema:WebPageElement,schema:Table) not compatible with domainIncludes (schema:WebPage)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/16-rdfa.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:mainContentOfPage": [
      "Subject _:g2200404320(schema:Table,schema:Thing,schema:CreativeWork,schema:WebPageElement,schema:Table) not compatible with domainIncludes (schema:WebPage)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/160-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/161-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/162-jsonld.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:recipient": [
      "Subject _:b0(schema:TakeAction,schema:Thing,schema:Action,schema:TransferAction,schema:TakeAction) not compatible with domainIncludes (schema:CommunicateAction,schema:AuthorizeAction,schema:DonateAction,schema:GiveAction,schema:PayAction,schema:ReturnAction,schema:SendAction,schema:TipAction)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/163-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/164-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/165-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/166-jsonld.html: {
  "class": {
    "schema:InsertedAction": [
      "No class definition found"
    ]
  },
  "property": {
    "schema:objectLocation": [
      "No property definition found"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/167-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/168-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/169-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/17-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/17-microdata.html: ok
schema.org/17-rdfa.html: ok
schema.org/170-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/171-jsonld.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:startDate": [
      "Object \"18:15, 22nd of May 2010\"^^<http://schema.org/Date> not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Date)",
      "Object \"19:45 on the 2nd of June\"^^<http://schema.org/Date> not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Date)"
    ],
    "schema:endDate": [
      "Object \"9th\"^^<http://schema.org/Date> not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Date)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/171-microdata.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:season": [
      "Object _:g2167546020(rdfs:Resource,rdf:List) not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Season)"
    ],
    "schema:episode": [
      "Object _:g2167615140(rdfs:Resource,rdf:List) not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Episode)"
    ],
    "schema:startDate": [
      "Object \"18:15, 22nd of May 2010\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Date)",
      "Object \"19:45 on the 2nd of June\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Date)"
    ],
    "schema:endDate": [
      "Object \"9th\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Date)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/171-rdfa.html: ok
schema.org/172-jsonld.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:startDate": [
      "Object \"09:00, 7th of November 2013\"^^<http://schema.org/Date> not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Date)",
      "Object \"09:45 on the same day\"^^<http://schema.org/Date> not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Date)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/172-microdata.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:episode": [
      "Object _:g2158750500(rdfs:Resource,rdf:List) not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Episode)"
    ],
    "schema:startDate": [
      "Object \"09:00, 7th of November 2013\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Date)",
      "Object \"09:45 on the same day\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Date)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/172-rdfa.html: ok
schema.org/173-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/173-microdata.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:validFor": [
      "Object \"1 year\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/173-rdfa.html: ok
schema.org/174-jsonld.html: {
  "class": {
    "schema:CivicAudience": [
      "No class definition found"
    ]
  },
  "property": {
    "schema:operator": [
      "No property definition found"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/175-jsonld.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:startDate": [
      "Object \"Sat Sep 14\"^^<http://schema.org/Date> not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Date)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/175-microdata.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:startDate": [
      "Object \"Sat Sep 14\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Date)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/175-rdfa.html: ok
schema.org/176-jsonld.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:startDate": [
      "Object \"Sat Sep 14\"^^<http://schema.org/Date> not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Date)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/176-microdata.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:startDate": [
      "Object \"Sat Sep 14\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Date)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/176-rdfa.html: ok
schema.org/177-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/177-microdata.html: ok
schema.org/177-rdfa.html: ok
schema.org/178-jsonld.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:startDate": [
      "Object \"Sat Sep 14\"^^<http://schema.org/Date> not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Date)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/178-microdata.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:startDate": [
      "Object \"Sat Sep 14\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Date)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/178-rdfa.html: ok
schema.org/179-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/18-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/18-microdata.html: ok
schema.org/18-rdfa.html: ok
schema.org/180-jsonld.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:numberOfPages": [
      "Object \"598 Pages\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Integer)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/180-microdata.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:numberOfPages": [
      "Object \"598 Pages\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Integer)"
    ],
    "http://schema.org/ratingValue%3E0%3C/span%3E": [
      "No property definition found"
    ],
    "schema:-": [
      "No property definition found"
    ],
    "schema:No": [
      "No property definition found"
    ],
    "schema:Rating": [
      "No property definition found"
    ],
    "http://schema.org/Yet%3C/span%3E": [
      "No property definition found"
    ],
    "http://schema.org/%3C/div%3E": [
      "No property definition found"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/180-rdfa.html: ok
schema.org/181-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/182-jsonld.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:operatingCompany": [
      "No property definition found"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/183-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/184-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/185-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/186-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/187-jsonld.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:operatingCompany": [
      "No property definition found"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/188-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/189-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/189-microdata.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:suggestedAnswer": [
      "Subject _:g2242812540(schema:Answer,schema:Thing,schema:CreativeWork,schema:Answer) not compatible with domainIncludes (schema:Question)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/189-rdfa.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:suggestedAnswer": [
      "Subject _:g2238302360(schema:Answer,schema:Thing,schema:CreativeWork,schema:Answer) not compatible with domainIncludes (schema:Question)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/19-jsonld.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:contentURL": [
      "No property definition found"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/19-microdata.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:contentURL": [
      "No property definition found"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/19-rdfa.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:contentURL": [
      "No property definition found"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/190-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/191-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/192-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/192-microdata.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:startDate": [
      "Object \"May23\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Date)"
    ],
    "schema:performer": [
      "Object _:g2182370240(rdfs:Resource,rdf:List) not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Organization,schema:Person)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/192-rdfa.html: ok
schema.org/193-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/193-microdata.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:startDate": [
      "Object \"Wed 01 October 2014 19:30\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Date)"
    ],
    "schema:creator": [
      "Object _:g2200772120(rdfs:Resource,rdf:List) not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Organization,schema:Person)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/193-rdfa.html: ok
schema.org/194-jsonld.html: {
  "class": {
    "schema:OrderedEvent": [
      "No class definition found"
    ]
  },
  "property": {
    "schema:eventOrderPosition": [
      "No property definition found"
    ],
    "schema:nextEvent": [
      "No property definition found"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/194-microdata.html: ok
schema.org/194-rdfa.html: ok
schema.org/195-jsonld.html: {
  "class": {
    "schema:OrderedEvent": [
      "No class definition found"
    ]
  },
  "property": {
    "schema:eventOrderPosition": [
      "No property definition found"
    ],
    "schema:nextEvent": [
      "No property definition found"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/195-microdata.html: ok
schema.org/195-rdfa.html: ok
schema.org/196-jsonld.html: {
  "class": {
    "schema:OrderedEvent": [
      "No class definition found"
    ]
  },
  "property": {
    "schema:eventOrderPosition": [
      "No property definition found"
    ],
    "schema:nextEvent": [
      "No property definition found"
    ],
    "schema:previousEvent": [
      "No property definition found"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/196-microdata.html: ok
schema.org/196-rdfa.html: ok
schema.org/197-jsonld.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:openingHours": [
      "Object \"Mo,Tu,We,Th,Fr,Sa,Su 11:30-23:00\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/197-microdata.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:openingHours": [
      "Object \"Mo,Tu,We,Th,Fr,Sa,Su 11:30-23:00\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/197-rdfa.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:openingHours": [
      "Object \"Mo,Tu,We,Th,Fr,Sa,Su 11:30-23:00\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/198-jsonld.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:openingHours": [
      "Object \"Mo,Tu,We,Th,Fr,Sa,Su 09:00-14:00\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)"
    ],
    "schema:closes": [
      "Object \"14:00\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Time)"
    ],
    "schema:opens": [
      "Object \"12:00\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Time)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/198-microdata.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:openingHours": [
      "Object \"Mo,Tu,We,Th,Fr,Sa,Su 09:00-14:00\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)"
    ],
    "schema:validFrom": [
      "Object \"24 December 2013\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:DateTime)",
      "Object \"1st January 2014\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:DateTime)"
    ],
    "schema:validThrough": [
      "Object \"25 December 2013\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:DateTime)",
      "Object \"\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:DateTime)"
    ],
    "schema:opens": [
      "Object \"9am\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Time)",
      "Object \"Noon\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Time)"
    ],
    "schema:closes": [
      "Object \"11am\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Time)",
      "Object \"2pm\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Time)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/198-rdfa.html: {
  "class": {
    "http://schema.orgStore": [
      "No class definition found"
    ],
    "http://schema.orgOpeningHoursSpecification": [
      "No class definition found"
    ]
  },
  "property": {
    "http://schema.orgname": [
      "No property definition found"
    ],
    "http://schema.orgopeningHours": [
      "No property definition found"
    ],
    "http://schema.orgopeningHoursSpecification": [
      "No property definition found"
    ],
    "http://schema.orgvalidFrom": [
      "No property definition found"
    ],
    "http://schema.orgvalidThrough": [
      "No property definition found"
    ],
    "http://schema.orgopens": [
      "No property definition found"
    ],
    "http://schema.orgcloses": [
      "No property definition found"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/199-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/199-microdata.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:openingHours": [
      "Object \"Mo,Tu,We,Th 09:00-12:00\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/199-rdfa.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:openingHours": [
      "Object \"Mo,Tu,We,Th 09:00-12:00\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/2-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/2-microdata.html: ok
schema.org/2-rdfa.html: ok
schema.org/20-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/20-microdata.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:track": [
      "Object _:g2199279660(rdfs:Resource,rdf:List) not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:MusicRecording)"
    ],
    "schema:byArtist": [
      "Object _:g2199836520(rdfs:Resource,rdf:List) not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:MusicGroup)",
      "Object _:g2199686480(rdfs:Resource,rdf:List) not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:MusicGroup)",
      "Object _:g2199572860(rdfs:Resource,rdf:List) not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:MusicGroup)",
      "Object _:g2199457600(rdfs:Resource,rdf:List) not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:MusicGroup)",
      "Object _:g2199324040(rdfs:Resource,rdf:List) not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:MusicGroup)"
    ],
    "schema:url": [
      "Object \"sweet-home-alabama\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:URL)",
      "Object \"shook-you-all-night-long\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:URL)",
      "Object \"sharp-dressed-man\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:URL)",
      "Object \"old-time-rock-and-roll\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:URL)",
      "Object \"hurt-so-good\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:URL)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/20-rdfa.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:url": [
      "Object \"sweet-home-alabama\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:URL)",
      "Object \"shook-you-all-night-long\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:URL)",
      "Object \"sharp-dressed-man\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:URL)",
      "Object \"old-time-rock-and-roll\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:URL)",
      "Object \"hurt-so-good\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:URL)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/200-jsonld.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:openingHours": [
      "Object \"Mo-Fr 07:00-23:00\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)",
      "Object \"Mo-Th 09:00-12:00\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/200-microdata.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:openingHours": [
      "Object \"Mo-Fr 07:00-23:00\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)",
      "Object \"Mo-Th 09:00-12:00\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/200-rdfa.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:openingHours": [
      "Object \"Mo-Fr 07:00-23:00\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)",
      "Object \"Mo-Th 09:00-12:00\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/201-jsonld.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:openingHours": [
      "Object \"Mo-Fr 07:00-23:00\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)",
      "Object \"Mo-Th 09:00-12:00\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)",
      "Object \"Mo-Fr 13:00-17:30\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/201-microdata.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:openingHours": [
      "Object \"Mo-Fr 07:00-23:00\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)",
      "Object \"Mo-Th 09:00-12:00\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)",
      "Object \"Mo-Fr 13:00-17:30\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/201-rdfa.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:openingHours": [
      "Object \"Mo-Fr 07:00-23:00\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)",
      "Object \"Mo-Th 09:00-12:00\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)",
      "Object \"Mo-Fr 13:00-17:30\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/202-jsonld.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:openingHours": [
      "Object \"Mo-Fr 07:00-23:00\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)",
      "Object \"Mo-Th 09:00-12:00\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/202-microdata.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:openingHours": [
      "Object \"Mo-Fr 07:00-23:00\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)",
      "Object \"Mo-Th 09:00-12:00\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/202-rdfa.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:openingHours": [
      "Object \"Mo-Fr 07:00-23:00\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)",
      "Object \"Mo-Th 09:00-12:00\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/203-jsonld.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:openingHours": [
      "Object \"Mo-Fr 07:00-23:00\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)",
      "Object \"Mo-Th 09:00-12:00\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/203-microdata.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:openingHours": [
      "Object \"Mo-Fr 07:00-23:00\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)",
      "Object \"Mo-Th 09:00-12:00\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/203-rdfa.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:openingHours": [
      "Object \"Mo-Fr 07:00-23:00\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)",
      "Object \"Mo-Th 09:00-12:00\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/204-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/204-microdata.html: ok
schema.org/204-rdfa.html: ok
schema.org/205-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/205-microdata.html: ok
schema.org/205-rdfa.html: ok
schema.org/206-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/206-microdata.html: ok
schema.org/206-rdfa.html: ok
schema.org/207-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/207-microdata.html: ok
schema.org/207-rdfa.html: ok
schema.org/208-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/208-microdata.html: ok
schema.org/208-rdfa.html: ok
schema.org/209-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/209-microdata.html: ok
schema.org/209-rdfa.html: ok
schema.org/21-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/21-microdata.html: ok
schema.org/21-rdfa.html: ok
schema.org/210-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/210-microdata.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:alumni": [
      "Subject _:g2242714880(schema:Person,schema:Thing,schema:Person) not compatible with domainIncludes (schema:EducationalOrganization)",
      "Object _:g2242677200(schema:OrganizationRole,schema:Thing,schema:Intangible,schema:Role,schema:OrganizationRole) not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Person)",
      "Object _:g2242664920(schema:CollegeOrUniversity,schema:Thing,schema:Organization,schema:EducationalOrganization,schema:CollegeOrUniversity) not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Person)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/210-rdfa.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:alumni": [
      "Subject _:g2237127920(schema:Person,schema:Thing,schema:Person) not compatible with domainIncludes (schema:EducationalOrganization)",
      "Object _:g2236352120(schema:OrganizationRole,schema:Thing,schema:Intangible,schema:Role,schema:OrganizationRole) not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Person)",
      "Object _:g2236176400(schema:CollegeOrUniversity,schema:Thing,schema:Organization,schema:EducationalOrganization,schema:CollegeOrUniversity) not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Person)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/211-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/211-microdata.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:actor": [
      "Object _:g2207067260(rdfs:Resource,rdf:List) not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Person)",
      "Subject _:g2208080880(schema:PerformanceRole,schema:Thing,schema:Intangible,schema:Role,schema:PerformanceRole) not compatible with domainIncludes (schema:Movie,schema:Episode,schema:TVEpisode,schema:Series,schema:TVSeries,schema:RadioEpisode,schema:RadioSeries)",
      "Object _:g2207098860(rdfs:Resource,rdf:List) not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Person)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/211-rdfa.html: ok
schema.org/212-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/212-microdata.html: ok
schema.org/212-rdfa.html: ok
schema.org/213-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/213-microdata.html: ok
schema.org/213-rdfa.html: ok
schema.org/214-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/214-microdata.html: ok
schema.org/214-rdfa.html: ok
schema.org/22-jsonld.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:openingHours": [
      "Object \"Mo-Fr 09:00-17:30\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)",
      "Object \"Sa 09:00-12:00\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/22-microdata.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:openingHours": [
      "Object \"Mo-Fr 09:00-17:30\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)",
      "Object \"Sa 09:00-12:00\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/22-rdfa.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:openingHours": [
      "Object \"Mo-Fr 09:00-17:30\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)",
      "Object \"Sa 09:00-12:00\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/23-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/23-microdata.html: ok
schema.org/23-rdfa.html: ok
schema.org/24-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/24-microdata.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:actor": [
      "Object _:g2238569720(rdfs:Resource,rdf:List) not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Person)"
    ],
    "schema:season": [
      "Object _:g2238553420(rdfs:Resource,rdf:List) not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Season)"
    ],
    "schema:episode": [
      "Object _:g2238600360(rdfs:Resource,rdf:List) not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Episode)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/24-rdfa.html: ok
schema.org/25-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/25-microdata.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:url": [
      "Object \"/artist/radiohead/album/the-king-of-limbs\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:URL)",
      "Object \"/artist/radiohead/album/the-king-of-limbs/track/bloom\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:URL)",
      "Object \"/artist/radiohead/album/the-king-of-limbs/track/morning-mr-magpie\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:URL)"
    ],
    "schema:byArtist": [
      "Object _:g2242905660(rdfs:Resource,rdf:List) not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:MusicGroup)"
    ],
    "schema:track": [
      "Object _:g2242891880(rdfs:Resource,rdf:List) not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:MusicRecording)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/25-rdfa.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:url": [
      "Object \"/artist/radiohead/album/the-king-of-limbs\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:URL)",
      "Object \"/artist/radiohead/album/the-king-of-limbs/track/bloom\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:URL)",
      "Object \"/artist/radiohead/album/the-king-of-limbs/track/morning-mr-magpie\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:URL)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/26-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/26-microdata.html: ok
schema.org/26-rdfa.html: ok
schema.org/27-jsonld.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:subject": [
      "No property definition found"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/27-microdata.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:subject": [
      "No property definition found"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/27-rdfa.html: ok
schema.org/28-jsonld.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:code": [
      "Subject _:b0(schema:MedicalScholarlyArticle,schema:Thing,schema:CreativeWork,schema:Article,schema:ScholarlyArticle,schema:MedicalScholarlyArticle) not compatible with domainIncludes (schema:MedicalEntity)"
    ],
    "schema:evidenceLevel": [
      "Subject _:b0(schema:MedicalScholarlyArticle,schema:Thing,schema:CreativeWork,schema:Article,schema:ScholarlyArticle,schema:MedicalScholarlyArticle) not compatible with domainIncludes (schema:MedicalGuideline)"
    ],
    "schema:recommendationStrength": [
      "Subject _:b0(schema:MedicalScholarlyArticle,schema:Thing,schema:CreativeWork,schema:Article,schema:ScholarlyArticle,schema:MedicalScholarlyArticle) not compatible with domainIncludes (schema:MedicalGuidelineRecommendation)"
    ],
    "schema:subject": [
      "No property definition found"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/28-microdata.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:code": [
      "Subject _:g2238356560(schema:MedicalScholarlyArticle,schema:Thing,schema:CreativeWork,schema:Article,schema:ScholarlyArticle,schema:MedicalScholarlyArticle) not compatible with domainIncludes (schema:MedicalEntity)"
    ],
    "schema:subject": [
      "No property definition found"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/28-rdfa.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:code": [
      "Subject _:g2241596880(schema:MedicalScholarlyArticle,schema:Thing,schema:CreativeWork,schema:Article,schema:ScholarlyArticle,schema:MedicalScholarlyArticle) not compatible with domainIncludes (schema:MedicalEntity)"
    ],
    "schema:subject": [
      "No property definition found"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/29-jsonld.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:drug": [
      "Subject _:b0(schema:MedicalWebPage,schema:Thing,schema:CreativeWork,schema:WebPage,schema:MedicalWebPage) not compatible with domainIncludes (schema:DrugClass)"
    ],
    "schema:otherName": [
      "No property definition found"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/29-microdata.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:otherName": [
      "No property definition found"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/29-rdfa.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:otherName": [
      "No property definition found"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/3-jsonld.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:openingHours": [
      "Object \"Mo-Sa 11:00-14:30\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)",
      "Object \"Mo-Th 17:00-21:30\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)",
      "Object \"Fr-Sa 17:00-22:00\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/3-microdata.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:openingHours": [
      "Object \"Mo-Sa 11:00-14:30\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)",
      "Object \"Mo-Th 17:00-21:30\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)",
      "Object \"Fr-Sa 17:00-22:00\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/3-rdfa.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:openingHours": [
      "Object \"Mo-Sa 11:00-14:30\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)",
      "Object \"Mo-Th 17:00-21:30\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)",
      "Object \"Fr-Sa 17:00-22:00\" not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Duration)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/30-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/30-microdata.html: ok
schema.org/30-rdfa.html: ok
schema.org/31-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/31-microdata.html: ok
schema.org/31-rdfa.html: ok
schema.org/32-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/32-microdata.html: {
  "class": {
    "http://www.productontology.org/id/Racing_bicycle": [
      "No class definition found"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/32-rdfa.html: ok
schema.org/33-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/33-microdata.html: {
  "class": {
    "http://www.productontology.org/id/Printer_(computing)": [
      "No class definition found"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/33-rdfa.html: ok
schema.org/34-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/34-microdata.html: {
  "class": {
    "http://www.productontology.org/id/Television_set": [
      "No class definition found"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/34-rdfa.html: ok
schema.org/35-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/36-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/37-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/38-jsonld.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:winner": [
      "Subject _:b0(schema:WinAction,schema:Thing,schema:Action,schema:AchieveAction,schema:WinAction) not compatible with domainIncludes (schema:LoseAction)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/39-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/4-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/4-microdata.html: ok
schema.org/4-rdfa.html: ok
schema.org/40-jsonld.html: {
  "class": {
    "schema:Award": [
      "No class definition found"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/41-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/42-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/43-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/44-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/45-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/46-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/47-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/48-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/49-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/5-jsonld.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:contentURL": [
      "No property definition found"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/5-microdata.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:contentURL": [
      "No property definition found"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/5-rdfa.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:contentURL": [
      "No property definition found"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/50-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/51-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/52-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/53-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/54-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/55-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/56-jsonld.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:agent": [
      "Object _:b1(schema:Muscle,schema:Thing,schema:MedicalEntity,schema:AnatomicalStructure,schema:Muscle) not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:Organization,schema:Person)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/57-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/58-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/59-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/6-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/6-microdata.html: ok
schema.org/6-rdfa.html: ok
schema.org/60-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/61-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/62-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/63-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/64-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/65-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/66-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/67-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/68-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/69-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/7-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/7-microdata.html: ok
schema.org/7-rdfa.html: ok
schema.org/70-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/71-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/72-jsonld.html: {
  "class": {
    "schema:TvEpisode": [
      "No class definition found"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/73-jsonld.html: {
  "class": {
    "schema:TvSeries": [
      "No class definition found"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/74-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/75-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/76-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/77-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/78-jsonld.html: {
  "class": {
    "schema:Paining": [
      "No class definition found"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/79-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/8-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/8-microdata.html: ok
schema.org/8-rdfa.html: ok
schema.org/80-jsonld.html: {
  "class": {
    "schema:Paining": [
      "No class definition found"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/81-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/82-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/83-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/84-jsonld.html: {
  "class": {
    "schema:FlightStatus": [
      "No class definition found"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/85-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/86-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/87-jsonld.html: {
  "class": {
    "gr:UPS": [
      "No class definition found"
    ]
  },
  "property": {
    "schema:deliveryMethod": [
      "Object _:b2(gr:UPS,gr:UPS) not compatible with rangeIncludes (schema:DeliveryMethod)"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/88-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/89-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/9-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/9-microdata.html: ok
schema.org/9-rdfa.html: ok
schema.org/90-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/91-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/92-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/93-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/94-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/95-jsonld.html: {
  "property": {
    "schema:airline": [
      "No property definition found"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/96-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/97-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/98-jsonld.html: {
  "class": {
    "schema:UserComment": [
      "No class definition found"
    ]
  }
}
schema.org/99-jsonld.html: ok
schema.org/examples.json: ok
schema.org/examples.txt: Error: recursive context inclusion: file:/Users/gregg/Projects/linter/schema.org/schema.org
